Add table aws_backup_framework. Closes #1072 (#1099)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_backup_framework.md

# Table: aws_backup_framework

AWS Backup framework is a collection of controls that you can use to evaluate your backup practices.
The AWS Backup framework will then evaluate whether your backup practices comply with your policies and highlight which resources are not yet in compliance.

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select
  account_id,
  arn,
  creation_time,
  deployment_status,
  framework_controls,
  framework_description,framework_name,
  framework_status,
  number_of_controls,
  region,
  tags
from
  aws_backup_framework;
```

> ### List AWS Backup frameworks within the last 90 days

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List frameworks created within the last 90 days
```

```sql
select
  framework_name,
  arn,
  creation_time,
  number_of_controls
from
  aws_backup_framework
where
  creation_time >= (current_date - interval '90' day)
order by
  creation_time;
```

> ### List AWS Backup frameworks that are using a specific control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List frameworks that are using a specific control (`BACKUP_RESOURCES_PROTECTED_BY_BACKUP_VAULT_LOCK`)
```

```sql
select
  framework_name
from
  aws_backup_framework,
  jsonb_array_elements(framework_controls) as controls
where
  controls ->> 'ControlName' = 'BACKUP_RESOURCES_PROTECTED_BY_BACKUP_VAULT_LOCK';
```

> ### List control name and scope for a specific framework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List control names and scopes for each framework
```

This query will return an empty control scope if the control doesn't apply to a specific AWS resource type.
Otherwise, the query will list the control name and the AWS resource type.

```sql
select
  framework_name,
  controls ->> 'ControlName' as control_name,
  control_scope
from
  aws_backup_framework,
  jsonb_array_elements(framework_controls) as controls,
  json_array_elements_text(coalesce(controls -> 'ControlScope' ->> 'ComplianceResourceTypes', '[""]')::json) as control_scope
where
  framework_name = 'framework_name';
```

> ### Querying framework controls that have non-compliant resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List framework controls that have non-compliant resources
```

from
  aws_config_rule
inner join
(
  -- The sub-query will create the AWS Config rule name from information stored in the AWS Backup framework table.
  select
    case when framework_information.control_scope = '' then concat(framework_information.control_name, '-', framework_information.framework_uuid)
    else concat(upper(framework_information.control_scope), '-', framework_information.control_name, '-', framework_information.framework_uuid)
    end as rule_name
  from
  (
    select
      framework_name,
      controls ->> 'ControlName' as control_name,
      control_scope,
      right(arn, 36) as framework_uuid
    from
      aws_backup_framework,
      jsonb_array_elements(framework_controls) as controls,
      json_array_elements_text(coalesce(controls -> 'ControlScope' ->> 'ComplianceResourceTypes', '[""]')::json) as control_scope
  ) as framework_information
) as backup_framework
on
  aws_config_rule.name = backup_framework.rule_name,
  jsonb_array_elements(compliance_by_config_rule) as compliance_result
where
  compliance_result -> 'Compliance' ->> 'ComplianceType' = 'NON_COMPLIANT';
```

> ### Querying framework controls that are compliant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List framework controls that are compliant
```

# Table: aws_backup_framework

AWS Backup Framework is a collection of controls that you can use to evaluate your backup practices.
The AWS Backup Framework will then evaluate whether your backup practices comply with your policies and highlights which
resources are not yet in compliance.

## Examples

> ### Basic Info

Author: We have a problem here that other documents use this as capitalised. 
I copied from those documents. If we change this, it will make the document inconsistent to other documents.

### Query to create the AWS config rule name from the AWS Backup Framework controls

The below query will demonstrate how to create the AWS Config rule name from the AWS Backup Framework control.
If the rule exists in AWS Config, then the end user can query the AWS Config table to see if resources in the account are compliant to the rule and what remediation action should take place.

```sql
select
  case when framework_information.control_scope = '' then concat(framework_information.control_name, '-', framework_information.framework_uuid)
  else concat(upper(framework_information.control_scope), '-', framework_information.control_name, '-', framework_information.framework_uuid)
  end as rule_name
from
(
  select
    framework_name,
    controls ->> 'ControlName' as control_name,
    jsonb_array_elements_text(
      case when (controls -> 'ControlScope' ->> 'ComplianceResourceTypes') is NULL THEN to_jsonb('[""]'::json)
      else (controls -> 'ControlScope' -> 'ComplianceResourceTypes')
      end
    ) as control_scope,
    right(arn, 36) as framework_uuid
  from
    aws_backup_framework,
    jsonb_array_elements(framework_controls) as controls
) as framework_information;
```

> ### Querying rules in AWS Config from AWS Backup Framework rules

Reviewer: Does the Backup API return any information on a framework's compliance status or the count on compliant/non-compliant controls (which is available in the Summary page per https://docs.aws.amazon.com/aws-backup/latest/devguide/viewing-frameworks.html), or do we always need to join with the Config table(s) to get this info?
